HEADSHOT Longest Common Subsequence Again Zeros and Ones Find substring Matrix Polynomial sign Card game N - Co Ordinates (Map Practice) Frequency of Students Counting Number of Ways Aman and lab file work Complete the Syllabus Prime Number Memorise Me! Weighing the Stones COUNT NUMBERS Micro and Array Update AISH AND XOR PUPER AND HIS LOVE Batman and Tick-tack-toe Jarvis and Seven Segments Monk watching fight Long ATM Queue Monk and Lucky Minimum Digit Problem Min-Max Prime Monk Takes a Walk Monk and Nice Strings Monk and Suffix Sort Monk and Rotation Monk Teaches Palindrome Monk and Welcome Problem The Best Player Binary Queries Print hackerearth Playful Strings Find the Flow Toggle String Find Product Palindromic String Count Divisors Factorial! ASCII Value A Problem on String Balls The Great Kian Monk's School. KK and crush Product Square Expand It. Manna's First Name Cube Change Missing Soldiers Hasan and Trip My Prime Xenny and Partially Sorted Strings Bear and Chocolate Bear and Crying Mr. President Illegible String Sumit And Rohil Rasta and Darie Rasta and Tavas Paint Wall Bob and String Little Jhool and his addiction! [2] The legend of Tanmay Arjit and Apex Arjit and Printing Press Quantitative coefficient Maximum Spanning Tree Palin Pairs Monk And Champions League Intelligent Girl City and Campers Monk in the land of Pokemons! Monk's birthday treat The savior? [3] The rise of the weird... things [1] The Confused Monk Monk's Love for Food Monk and Power of Time Chandu and his Girlfriend Terrible Chandu Andrew and Max Perfect Baseline Biased Chandan Strings Prime String Xsquare And Palindromes Insertion Shil and Birthday present Riya's Birthday Party Shil and Palindrome Square Transaction Numbers of Interest Game of Strings Most Frequent Party Game Match makers Distinct Count Prom Night Number of R's Maximum AND Naughty Sid and SEV Big P and Math Josh and Hotel Crack the math! Counting Triangles Crushing Violence Friendless Dr. Sheldon Cooper Ma5termind's Birthday Party Big P and Punishment Brio and House - 2 Ashish and Binary Matrix Nobita and String Count Enemies Little Jhool and his punishment Roy and Profile Picture Khaolin Temple Breakup App Rest in peace - 21-1! Magical Words Palindromic Numbers Permutation Climbing Stairs Bino-Sum Little Jhool and psychic powers Roy and Trains Chandu and his game Who Wants to be a Millionaire!? Old keypad in a foreign land Compiler Version Speed Tour Battle of Stalingrad Roy and LEDs Palindrome Count Save Patients Trailing Zeros Buckbeak Escape Decimal Help Life, the Universe, and Everything Modify Sequence Inverse List Beautiful Sequence
